Advanced Grid Properties lesson: fixed a typo and added a supposedly missed word (#24136)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: html_css/grid-lessons/advanced_grid_properties.md

### Repeat

> `repeat()` is a CSS function available to the CSS Grid template properties that allows us to define a number of rows or columns and the size we want them to be without having to manually type out each individual column's or row's size. For example, in our setup above:

Reviewer: Good catch here with the inclusion of row in addition to column for this example. I think it'd be best to actually use the term "track" here since that covers either a grid column or grid row. 
```suggestion
`repeat()` is a CSS function available to the CSS Grid template properties that allows us to define a number of rows or columns and the size we want them to be without having to manually type out each individual track's size. For example, in our setup above:
```

### Fractional units

> Now that we know how to quickly create many grid tracks, it's time to learn how to start making them _dynamic_. Dynamic, in this context, simply means "flexible" or "responsive in some way". The opposite of dynamic is _static_, or fixed at a certain defined height, like `150px`, which we used in the setup of this sample grid.

Reviewer: This one is actually not a grammatical error. The punctuation goes outside the quotation here and the original content was correct.

Author: yeah, agreed, it was just an punctuation error, is there anything in particular that needs to be done before proceeding?

thanks :)

Reviewer: Brain fart on my end! I meant to say the punctuation goes inside the quotation like it was originally. My mistake for saying "outside" in that comment :-)

Author: apparently we both were wrong about that, in different ways, i'll revert back to original then, thanks :)

> Now that we know how to quickly create many grid tracks, it's time to learn how to start making them _dynamic_. Dynamic, in this context, simply means "flexible" or "responsive in some way". The opposite of dynamic is _static_, or fixed at a certain defined height, like `150px`, which we used in the setup of this sample grid.

Reviewer: This period just needs to stay inside the quotation marks.
```suggestion
Now that we know how to quickly create many grid tracks, it's time to learn how to start making them _dynamic_. Dynamic, in this context, simply means "flexible" or "responsive in some way." The opposite of dynamic is _static_, or fixed at a certain defined height, like `150px`, which we used in the setup of this sample grid.
```

Author: i thought it was an punctuation error! was i wrong about this?

btw, i'll accept your suggested commit regardless, just want to know, thanks :)

Reviewer: No worries! Our curriculum follows US English which requires periods inside the quotations "just like this."

Hope that helps and thanks again for the PR!
